# Target Outcomes
## Article ID: EXT_13-7-2015

For this article you should focus on the findings reported in the results section for Experiment 1.

Specifically, you should attempt to reproduce all descriptive and inferential analyses reported in the text below and associated tables/figures:

> Heading errors were defined by the difference betweenthe observer’s heading estimate and the actual headingposition and are shown in Figure 2. Differences inheading errors between walker type and limb-motionconditions were tested using a two-way repeated measuresanalysis of variance (ANOVA). When walkersperformed limb movements in place, heading errorswere larger than when figures maintained a singleposture, F(1, 13) = 21.27, p < .001, ηp2 = .62. The findingthat limb motion negatively affects heading estimationsuggests that biological motion significantly perturbsthe optic flow field. This is consistent with the proposalthat limb motion introduces noise into the optic flowfield, disturbing the global organization of the flow patternand negatively impacting heading detection. In addition, the ANOVA also showed a main effectof walker type, F(2, 26) = 3.80, p = .036, ηp2 = .23, with false-discovery-rate-adjusted post hoc tests revealing that heading estimates were worse for normal walkersthan for inverted walkers (p = .048). This result implies that the presence of biological motion interferes withthe computation of the optic flow pattern.This interference could occur for a number of reasons.For example, the assignment of attention to biologicalmotion reduces performance on a concurrent task(Thompson & Parasuraman, 2012; Thornton, Rensink, & Shiffrar, 2002), thus some division of attention couldhave produced this result. Alternatively, in the currentexperiment, a walker’s limb motion suggests a walkerthat translated, whereas in actual fact the point-lightwalker’s physical position in the scene was fixed inplace. This conflicting information might also explainwhy walkers produced larger heading errors thaninverted walkers, whose articulation pattern is not suggestiveof biological ambulation (Troje & Westhoff,2006). The interaction between walker type and limbmotion approached but did not meet the threshold forstatistical significance, F(2, 26) = 2.95, p = .070.

**Note**
Make sure to use the original article for additional context and information about any necessary pre-processing steps. Also check for additional supplementary materials that may provide supporting documentation for analysis procedures.
